Update platform support documentation for UEBA packages (#14358)
elastic/integrations: packages/beaconing/docs/README.md

# Network Beaconing Identification

The Network Beaconing Identification package consists of a framework to identify beaconing activity in your environment. The framework surfaces significant indicators of compromise (IoCs) for threat hunters and analysts to use as a starting point for an investigation in addition to helping them monitor network traffic for beaconing activities. 
This package is licensed under Elastic License 2.0.

> This package support data from Elastic Endpoint via Elastic Defend on Linux, macOS, and Windows. Prior to using this integration, Elastic Defend should be installed through Elastic Agent and collecting data from hosts. See [Configure endpoint protection with Elastic Defend](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package leverages event logs on Linux, macOS, and Windows. Prior to using this integration, you must have Elastic Endpoint via Elastic Defend, or have equivalent tools/endpoints set up. If using Elastic Defend, Elastic Defend should be installed through Elastic Agent and is collecting data from hosts. See [Configure endpoint protection with Elastic Defend](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend) for more information.
```

Reviewer: Making the wording clear that they can use equivalent tools, not limited only to Elastic Defend. Maybe we can ask the security folks what other tools/endpoints are common in industry to capture the same log information.
